How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    The diff command showed what line have differences and from then on i 
	checked to see where the mistakes are specifically.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    If i make a mistake i can go back and compare with an old working file and
	see what did i do wrong. I can speculate on my progress.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    The cons is that the file that i save is a complete code of what i had planned 
	to write whereas in the automatic save the version might be half of what i had 
	written or it may have saved too much or too little it depends on the automatic
	save time that we have adjusted.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Because Git is supposed to hold the history for files that are interelated like 
	programming code and so the programmer must know what files have changed
	and what other files have been affected too.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log command = shows all the commits that have been made in descending 
	order and you can find the ID of the commit that you want and compare it with
	another.
	git diff command = compares two different commits that have been made by ID 
	numbers and you can see which line where deleted or changed and which lines
	where added.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    I will be more confident because i do something wrong i can go to previous versions
	with Git and check the error and correct it.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Fill in your answer here
