What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	When i initialize a repository git is making a secret file called ".git" in which
	it tracks any changes to the files i have added to track.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

    The staging area is the place where i have added which files i will be tracking
	whereas the working directory contains all the files i will be working on.
	The repository finally is the place where the different version will be saved.
	It adds the value of making your own choice rather than git taking over and 
	saving all the files.
	
How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?
    
	By running "git diff --staged" i can see the difference between the files i want 
	to commit and the previous ones so i can check how many logical changes i have
	made.
	
What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
 organized? How would branches help?
 
    When i want to make some changes to course of a program or i want to make a
	different version or change the language i can make a branch by using
	"git branch <name-of-brance>" and start working on the same program but as
	a different project of the first one.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

    From the diagram i can see where a branch was started and which version of the
	master branch are after another side branch. i can see how branches are connected
	and which branches can be seen by using git log from the current commit i am.
	I can find the branch i want to work further on a new feature.
	
What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the
diagram the way we do?

    When merging two branches together the starting files must be exactly the same
	regarding	the spaces and tabs you use as	it was before the branch. After the merge
	the new commits are introduced between the previous commits by date. After the 
	merge the commits can be reached from the point the merge was done and you 
	can delete the extra branch.